README.md, before:

# SymfonyAdminBundle
A modern symfony admin interface

Installation
============

Make sure Composer is installed globally, as explained in the
[installation chapter](https://getcomposer.org/doc/00-intro.md)
of the Composer documentation.

Applications that use Symfony Flex
----------------------------------

Open a command console, enter your project directory and execute:

```console
composer require infinity-admin/symfony-admin-bundle
```

Applications that don't use Symfony Flex
----------------------------------------

### Step 1: Download the Bundle

Open a command console, enter your project directory and execute the
following command to download the latest stable version of this bundle:

```console
composer require infinity-admin/symfony-admin-bundle
```

### Step 2: Enable the Bundle

Then, enable the bundle by adding it to the list of registered bundles
in the `config/bundles.php` file of your project:

```php
// config/bundles.php

return [
    // ...
    Infinity\InfinityBundle::class => ['all' => true],
];
```

Run `composer require infinity-admin/symfony-admin-bundle`

Import routes
-------------

Import required routes in your `config/routes.yaml` (or equivalent) like so:

```yaml
infinity:
    resource:
        path: '@InfinityBundle/src/Controller'
        namespace: Infinity\Controller
    type: attribute
```

Commit message:

Add basic stuff using CoreUI and htmx

README.md, after:

# SymfonyAdminBundle
A modern symfony admin interface based on bootstrap and htmx.

Installation
============

Make sure Composer is installed globally, as explained in the
[installation chapter](https://getcomposer.org/doc/00-intro.md)
of the Composer documentation.

Applications that use Symfony Flex
----------------------------------

Open a command console, enter your project directory and execute:

```console
composer require infinity-admin/symfony-admin-bundle
```

Applications that don't use Symfony Flex
----------------------------------------

### Step 1: Download the Bundle

Open a command console, enter your project directory and execute the
following command to download the latest stable version of this bundle:

```console
composer require infinity-admin/symfony-admin-bundle
```

### Step 2: Enable the Bundle

Then, enable the bundle by adding it to the list of registered bundles
in the `config/bundles.php` file of your project:

```php
// config/bundles.php

return [
    // ...
    Infinity\InfinityBundle::class => ['all' => true],
];
```

Run `composer require infinity-admin/symfony-admin-bundle`

Import routes
-------------

Import required routes in your `config/routes.yaml` (or equivalent) like so:

```yaml
infinity:
    resource:
        path: '@InfinityBundle/src/Controller'
        namespace: Infinity\Controller
    type: attribute
```
